spend my life like this is Mr. America and
apart
but good in this introduction is very
fast and random because I do not have much
time the video the reason for this video
is to tell you that I'm going to try fifa
15 before the people and in Mexico
ported very good wave and invited me
to prove that for 15 with camera everything
about the totals so I'm very very
grateful with them trust and mexico
thank you thank you love of america in a
kiss well
thank you very much and let's go and try it
this afternoon at 6 is the invitation
it's one o'clock in the afternoon so this
this very fast to come out and tell me
they want me to ask what is going to be
its celebration is that it does so much
What to say so I know that from Giovanni dos
saints and I was with belinda I want to know
if your husband I'm hiring
a wife so tell my daughters that
they want you to ask the
game developers because it is not
the full version invite us to see
what a wave we say what progress well
that you tell me on my twitter
because I'm going to see and be able to ask questions
but I know what they want to ask
ask so let's start with the
video I bring you the best template
mexico more than 100 thousand coins and in that
template the best of all so
in these helps to tell me what it is
so incredible we can improve it more if
they like it or not put in the comments
I am also remember that they would give
Martin is what they want because we are going to
go to prove that for 15 I'm going to do
a blog and all that, so we'll see each other
the next video
very well my crumbs because it has given
excellent performance that mexico had in
the world and everything beautiful we live
although the referee confused football
with a water polo field if not that
explains why he let himself throw himself
nailed this I have decided to create this
beautiful template with the best
players the most expensive and before that
for those who are not Mexican
extending the background gameplay this
Chilean is the best goal I've ever lived
in my life with mexico that I'm going to
explain fast Mexico is going to tie
one to one against panama there were five
minutes and the last five minutes raul
jiménez goal this goal without mexico
tied was out of the world
literal was out of the world so
this was incredible for all
Mexicans
but very well let's start with what
we care what the template is
template
the best template from mexico the best
World Cup players with men
of the party and the most expensive is here and
let's start with memo ochoa which is
brutal
it's really amazing to see with the letter
that I put special has 98 jumping to
99 of reflections is amazing 8 I swear
that is amazing also outside the
defense I think it's perfect good
here we have a super lice dad louse
that obviously can not be missing in this
video but see I think the defense is
amazing
I do not have to move anything miguel layún and
Paul Aguilar, I think they are the best
lanes that have mexico rafa
Marquez and Moreno I think they are the
better central defenses like they have
mexico so there's nothing moving in the
mean I have the problem and also the
front as you can see I'm doing
of changes a problem is with hector
Herrera who does not recognize fifa el super
crack that is hector herrera and I have to
change to the second time for chicharito
but from there on out also in the
front I have the problem of I do not know if
leave the beautiful to the beautiful but
the center forward will change to white
giovani dos saints because I accompanied him
but well my links you tell me what
do with this template I think it's
incredible I've played four games and
I swear I 'm winning it all
against first division teams
second division forgiveness because it 's
in the second division and it's amazing then
I'm from a video but so
are that I have to go to 15
days what I do in the template I do
changes are you tell me I am
talent and see you in the next video
team of my friends as they have years and
talent before you start with the
normal introduction of the video with
fifa I'm going to tell you that all the clips
that they are going to see in the background are in my brother
forward that collects the top five
shots of the week and puts them on tape
free so go see it below but
the main thing about this